# Minutes : 2023/09/19

> ## Team Name: Team37

## Technologies / Tech Stack:
* MongoDB - Databases
* Node.js - Backend server Architecture
* Docker -  Containerization 
* HTML/CSS - Webpages

## Features To Implement:
* ### QR Code Scanning
This will be used to check items in and out of the prophouse.
* ### Database operations (Add, Delete, Check In, Check Out)
This will be used to edit our databases that will store clients, prop items and others.
* ### 3D Viewer 
This will be used to visualize the props in 3D.
* ### Gallery
This will be used to see static images of the props. 
* ### Access Roles
This will allow Admins and users to make use of one site while having different premissions.
* ### Customer requests
This will allow customers to send requests for props and other services to the Administrators
* ### Notifications
This will send text or email notifications to customers eg. availability updates, pricing updates, etc
* ### Payment Processing
This will be used to process payments for prop booking
* ### Store Page (Carts)
This will be the main store front that customers will interact with

## User Definitions:

### 1. Administrators: 
These people will use our Website to manage their storefronts. 
They will be able to edit their catalogues and track where their 
merchandice is using qr code scanning. 

### 2. Customers:
These people will use our Website to view storefronts. From the
storefront customers will be able to view equipment, find out if 
the equipment is available and make bookings.

## Tasks Before Next Meeting
* Familiarization with technologies.


## Next Meeting:
* ### Assigning Roles
Decide who will be working on which features and decide how work will be divided umongst the group.
* ### Begin Designing
Begin designing various facets of the system implementation.